# Requirements :
- SQL for data base.
- Any Java IDE (Spring Tool Suite or Eclipse IDE is recommended).


# Steps To Setup Project :
- Step 1) Clone project into your system.
- Step 2) Import project on Java IDE (extract first if downloaded project is in zip format).
- Step 3) Create new data base of name <strong><em>“ traini8 ”</em></strong>. data base name can be custom but for this you need to make change in <strong><em>“application.properties”</em></strong> page in line   
          <strong>“spring.datasource.url=jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/<em>traini8</em>?serviceTimezone=UTC”</strong> change traini8 into your desired data base name.<br>                 
          <strong>(PATH: src/main/resources > application.properties)</strong>.
- Step 4) To start project on local server run <strong><em>“Traini8AssignmentApplication.java”</em></strong> class as Java Application.                                                  
          <strong>(PATH: src/main/java > com.traini8 > Traini8AssignmentApplication.java)</strong>.


# APIs (POST & GET) :
- POST: <strong><localhost:8080/traini8/training-center></strong> <br>
  Data Format:<br>
 <code>{<br>
            "centerName" : "ABC",<br>
            "centerCode" : "Delhi8888888",<br>
            "studentCapacity" : 5,<br>
            "coursesOffered" : ["Java", "SpringBoot", "SQL"],<br>
            "contactEmail" : "abc@gmail.com",<br>
            "contactPhone" : 1234567899,<br>
            "address" : {<br>
                    "detailedAddress" : "Near Kiet College",<br>
                    "city" : "Ghaziabad",<br>
                    "state" : "U.P.",<br>
                    "pincode" : 201206<br>
            }<br>
  }</code<br>          

- GET : <strong><localhost:8080/traini8/training-centers></strong><br>

  
# Projects Specification :
- Project is having 2 APIs (POST and GET).
- POST API is to create and save a new training center with the following fields : -
   - centerName must be less than 40 characters and can’t be empty or null.
   - centerCode must have exactly 12 character alphanumeric and can’t be empty or null.
   - detailedAddress is mandatory field
   - city is mandatory field
   - state is mandatory field.
   - Pincode accepts only digits and can’t be empty. 
   - studentCapacity accepts only digits if present.
   - coursesOffered field is a list and it can be empty.
   - createdOn fiels is Epoch time and auto generated by system and any user defined value in this field will be discarded automatically.
   - contactEmail field must contain a valid email if does.
   - contactPhone field is mandatory and must contain exact 10 digits only.

- GET API to get list of all stored training centers information with count of total records.
- Project Is having the ability to filter data in the list API on fields (centerName, centerCode, city, state, pincode, studentCapacity, createdOn (using Epoch time format), contactEmail, and contactPhone.
- In absence of any training centers, it return an empty list in response with count=0.
- API accepts and return data in json format. 
- All mandatory and specific customized fields are validated using annotations and on validation failure, an appropriate error message will be shown and handled 
   by ExceptionHandler.
- POST API returns the newly saved TrainingCenter information in json format.
- TrainingCenter and Address entities are mapped together using OneToOne unidirectional mapping.
- Project is using ExceptionHandler.
- Project is having good structure and architecture.
- Project is having consistent coding style and formatting.
- Project is having good naming and naming conversion.
- Project is having good use of comments.


